come to commit it takes and it'll be all
right on the night ten nice from 39
pounds 15 tonight football we've
highlights of England V Cameroon now
though a brand new catalog of gaps
goona incredible home cinema by philips
widescreen and dolby surround sound
introducing the new Hotpoint Ultima and
parcel performance designed to work with
hot points by a profile system it helps
stop the colors running into your white
you won't be the only one to notice the
different puzzled performance and
Hotpoint altogether brilliant imagine
playing 15 times in my life today on
fire
don't you need to try some oh my
send all those dimensionals to write
that melody
sweeter than one email do it yes yes yes
coolie now for your funky freebie Farid
right time dies
why spend time chasing us elusive new
customer
when with a BT free phone away hundred
number
customers could be chasing you
why not change the way we work try Oh
800 for three months only 25 pounds plus
call charges all over the country new
carphone warehouse doors are springing
up what's in it for you they actually
make it clear how much it's gonna cost
you a month
we're totally independent we won't push
you any particular networks so I'm at
Vodafone 129 and we won't push only
particular phone there is a perfect
mobile phone out there for you it'll be
the fine that suits you because I even
know what we're talking about and three
we're totally impartial all the networks
all the answers at The Carphone
Warehouse call this number for your
local store